The sale was made to pay Yukos' US$ 27.5 billion tax bill, Yuganskneftegaz was originally sold for US$9.4 billion to a little known company Baikalfinansgroup which was later bought by the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft .
Baikalfinansgroup was sold to Rosneft.
The sale was made to pay Yukos' US$ 27.5 billion tax bill, Yuganskneftegaz was originally sold for US$9.4 billion to a little known company Baikalfinansgroup which was later bought by the Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft .
Yuganskneftegaz costed US$ 27.5 billion.
Loraine besides participating in Broadway's Dreamgirls, also participated in the Off-Broadway production of "Does A Tiger Have A Necktie". In 1999, Loraine went to London, United Kingdom.  There she participated in the production of "RENT" where she was cast as "Mimi" the understudy.
"Does A Tiger Have A Necktie" was produced in London.
The Extra Girl ( 1923) is a story of a small-town girl, Sue Graham (played by Mabel Normand) who comes to Hollywood to be in the pictures. This Mabel Normand vehicle, produced by Mack Sennett, followed earlier films about the film industry and also paved the way for later films about Hollywood, such as King Vidors Show People (1928).
"The Extra Girl" was produced by Sennet.
A bus collision with a truck in Uganda has resulted in at least 30 fatalities and has left a further 21 injured.
30 die in a bus collision in Uganda.
Take consumer products giant Procter and Gamble. Even with a $1.8 billion Research and Developement budget, it still manages 500 active partnerships each year, many of them with small companies.
500 small companies are partners of Procter and Gamble.
After his release, the clean-shaven Magdy el-Nashar told reporters outside his home that he had nothing to do with the July 7 transit attacks, which killed 52 people and the four bombers.
52 people and four bombers were killed on July 7.
Mrs. Bush's approval ratings have remained very high, above 80%, even as her husband's have recently dropped below 50%.
80% approve of Mr. Bush.
Recent Dakosaurus research comes from a complete skull found in Argentina in 1996, studied by Diego Pol of Ohio State University, Zulma Gasparini of Argentinas National University of La Plata, and their colleagues.
A complete Dakosaurus was discovered by Diego Pol.
